always no medicine
bad roads
did not receive the service i wanted since i was referred
doctors who don’t know my language.
drugs are not enough
drugs are sometimes  not available
drugs prescribed  not available  at facility
extortion  of money  health workers
facility staff sometimes unbothered when the patient seeks care. sometimes the health care worker keeps on the phone rather than attend to the patient
few drugs
few drugs given from facility
few medicines given
health worker who consistently writes one medication especially chlorpheniramine for almost all clients even when you don't need it
health worker who's time for duty is up tend to abandon clients on their line
health workers asking for money, delays to be attended to , lack of medicines, poor hygiene
i came late i don't blame any one
lack of blood
lack of drugs
lack of medicine at the facility
lack of medicines
lack of medicines at most times
lack of medicines, poor hygiene
lack of some drugs
lack of what to eat while waiting  to be attended  to
level of facility doesn’t allow some investigation
low medicine & patient care. delays due to computer failures. inadequate equipment & infrastructure. lack of fuel for patient transfers.
medicine are out of stock
medicine out is stock
medicine out of stock
medicines are not available. i have been sent out to buy from the pharmacy.
medicines are out of stock
medicines not available
medicines out of stock
medicines out of stock, buying gloves and anaesthesia for tooth extraction.
medicines out of stock, don't allow access to the facility sometimes
medicines out of stock, electricity blackouts that examinations are delayed
medicines out of stocking
nan
no diagnostic kit supply sometimes for testing us
no drugs
no medicine
no medicine always
no medicine. i have to move to another facility to get medicine
no medicines
no medicines at the facility
no mosquito nets, medicines are always out of stock, client asked to buy bed covers, some money asked for without reason why.
no problems
no time to see the patient so she was sent away at 11:00 am by the nurses
not all drugs prescribed are available
not all prescribed drugs are available
out of stocks
some drugs are missing
some drugs are not available
some drugs were not given
some medicine is out of stock
some medicines are missing
some medicines are out of stock
some tests can not done in the laboratory
some times drugs are not available
sometimes drugs are not available
sometimes there no drugs
stock out
stock out medicines
stock out of drugs
stock out of medicines
stock outs
the facility always has no medicine
the facility doesn't have medicines always
there are no drugs at the facility most cases.
there are no drugs at the facility most days.
they donot have a maternity
unavailability of drugs
understaffed and this patients take too long
